Avoid Ember array extension methods (#35673)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/tools_and_testing/client-side_javascript_frameworks/ember_interactivity_events_state/index.md

  add(text) {
    let newTodo = new Todo(text);

    this.todos = [...this.todos, newTodo];
  }
}
```

Here, the `todos` property on the service will maintain our list of todos contained inside an array, and we'll mark it with `@tracked`, because when the value of `todos` is updated we want the UI to update as well.

> And just like before, the `add()` function that will be called from the template. We [spread our `todos` array](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Spread_syntax) to add `newTodo` to it, which creates a new array and will trigger the reactivity system to update the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And just like before, the `add()` function that will be called from the template gets annotated with the `@action` decorator to bind it to the class instance. We [spread our `todos` array](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Spread_syntax) to add `newTodo` to it, which creates a new array and will trigger the reactivity system to update the UI.
```

> And just like before, the `add()` function that will be called from the template. We are calling `push()` method on our `todos` array to add `newTodo` to `todos` array and then using the spread operator to create a new array, which will trigger the reactivity system to update the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And just like before, the `add()` function that will be called from the template. We [spread our `todos` array](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Spread_syntax) to add `newTodo` to it, which creates a new array and will trigger the reactivity system to update the UI.
```

  add(text) {
    let newTodo = new Todo(text);

>     this.todos.push(newTodo);
>     this.todos = [...this.todos];

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    this.todos = [...this.todos, newTodo];
```
